Enough, that's it
You did it, you bastard.
Mom
What should we do?
Hello, this is Hanfa Law Firm
Excuse me, do you need it or not in the personnel department? No, no, no.
We also handle divorce matters here
There will also be some special plans for the distribution of property
Special planning for property distribution
Mom, won't it be a problem to eat like this?
Didn't you listen to the lawyer?
I also want our mother not to be kicked out of the house
You can only force your father to sign the agreement
What? I'm relieved.
I know your dad better than you do
He is more afraid of death than anyone else
It will work.
What are you doing?
Dexiong, uh, we're all getting a divorce
Can you?
Have one last meal with me
Please, I'll go after eating
Oh, hop in.
OK
Do you have something to say
Autonavi signed him
Let's get together and break up
Want a great bachelor
Is my dream
Xiaoli parking
Drive this wind turbine down for me
Don't listen to him if you want to live
I grew up in the car
Then we will die together